.NET 6 in-proc-hosting /2 (#25489)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/host-and-deploy/iis/in-process-hosting.md

## Application configuration

> To configure IIS options, include a service configuration for <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.IISServerOptions> in <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.IStartup.ConfigureServices%2A>. The following example disables `AutomaticAuthentication`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure IIS options, include a service configuration for <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.IISServerOptions> in `Program.cs`. The following example disables <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.IISServerOptions.AutomaticAuthentication%2A>:
```
